[Music]
hello everyone today we watch army of
dead
please subscribe a us military convoy
transporting a shipment from area 51
collides with a car on the highway
unleashing a zombie
it kills a number of soldiers while
infecting two others
the zombies head to las vegas infecting
most of the city's population
after a failed military intervention the
government quarantines the city casino
owner bligh tanaka and his associate
martin approach former mercenary scott
ward
about a job to recover 200 million
dollars from his casino vault
before the military destroys the city
with a tactical nuclear strike
ward agrees and recruits his former
teammates maria cruz and bandroid
along with helicopter pilot marianne
peters german safe cracker ludwig dieter
and chicano sharpshooter mikey guzman
who brings along his associate chambers
martin joins the team to observe them
ward's estranged daughter kate
who works at a quarantine camp directs
them to lily
a smuggler familiar with the city lily
recruits bert cummings
a camp security guard when kate learns
lily escorted her friend guitar into
vegas
kate insists on joining the team over
ward's objections
after a tense encounter with a zombie
tiger named valentine upon
entering vegas lily wounds cummings and
explains that a more intelligent group
of zombies known as alphas are willing
to allow safe passage in exchange for a
sacrifice
this guard is an [ __ ] in the movie by
the way no one like him
an alpha female known as the queen takes
cummings away to the olympus casino
where the alpha leader zeus infects him
lily leads the team to a building full
of hibernating
normal zombies ward creates a path
through the zombies with glow sticks
when chambers accuses martin of ulterior
motives
he diverts her off the path and she
wakes the zombies
as she is overpowered guzman shoots her
gas tank
blowing her and the zombies up
[Music]
at bly's casino ward and kate turn on
the power
peters prepares a helicopter on the roof
and dieter works on the vault
martin and lily stay outside under the
pretense of keeping watch
but instead lure the queen into the open
martin beheads her and takes her head
zeus discovers her body and returns her
to the olympus casino
revealing that the queen was pregnant
with a zombie fetus
enraged zeus directs the alphas to bly's
casino
a news report reveals the government has
rushed the nuclear strike
giving the team approximately one hour
as dieter opens the vault
ward discovers kate had left to look for
guitar
as ward and cruz are about to look for
her the elevator opens and alphas kill
crews martin traps the team in the
basement
explaining that bly cares only about the
zombie head
which can create a zombie army for the
government
when he steps outside he discovers lily
stole the queen's head
and valentine mauls him to death
vandroy attempts to fight zeus but is
easily overpowered
[Music]
dieter appears to sacrifice himself to
get vandroy in the vault safely
ward lily and guzman make it to the
lobby where zombies attack them and
swarm guzman
guzman detonates his grenades killing
the zombies and destroying the money he
carried
zeus confronts them on the roof lily
distracts him with the queen's head as
ward and peter's escape
zeus impales lily but she destroys the
queen's head before dying
ward asks peters to take him to the
olympus casino to retrieve kate
there kate finds kita and kills cummings
zeus corners them but ward subdues him
with a grenade launcher
guitar kate and ward reach the roof but
find it empty
thinking peters has deserted them she
reappears just as zeus reaches the roof
all three jump aboard the helicopter as
does zeus
zeus overpowers ward and bites him kate
hits zeus before ward shoots and kills
him
the nuke destroys the city and the shock
wave causes the helicopter to crash
killing peters and guitar kate survives
and finds ward
who gives kate money to start a new life
before turning into a zombie
kate kills him and cries as a rescue
helicopter arrives
vandroy exits the vault with the
remaining money
he drives to utah where he rents a
private plane to take him to mexico city
on the flight he feels sick and
discovers that he has been bitten
oh boy thank you for watching
[Music]
you